ARCHIVE: 
ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY 
2002–2003 General Catalog
NOTE:	The information in this file matches the corresponding print edition. More current information may be found at www.asu.edu/aad/catalogs/.
 maroon horizontal rule

Introductory Statement

maroon horizontal rule

All colleges, schools, divisions, and departments establish certain academic requirements that must be met before a degree is granted. Advisors, directors, department chairs, and deans are available to help the student understand these requirements, but the student is responsible for fulfilling them. At the end of a student’s course of study, if requirements for graduation have not been satisfied, the degree is not granted. For this reason, it is important for all students to acquaint themselves with all regulations, to be informed throughout their college careers, and to be responsible for completing requirements. Courses, programs, and requirements described in the catalog may be suspended, deleted, restricted, supplemented, or changed in any other manner, at any time, at the sole discretion of the university and the Arizona Board of Regents. The catalog does not establish a contractual relationship but summarizes the total requirements the student must currently meet before qualifying for a faculty recommendation to the Arizona Board of Regents to award a degree.

Arizona State University reserves the right to add, amend, or revoke, without notice, any of the materials — information, requirements, regulations — published in this catalog.

The catalog is also available on the Web at www.asu.edu/aad/catalogs. Admissions information is available www.asu.edu/admissions. Address requests for additional information to

DIRECTOR OF UNDERGRADUATE ADMISSIONS
ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY
PO BOX 870112
TEMPE AZ 85287-0112

Arizona State University complies with the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 as amended (see Undergraduate Enrollment, “Student Records”).

POSTMASTER: Send change of address to

GENERAL CATALOG
MAIL SERVICES
ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY
PO BOX 870710
TEMPE AZ 85287-0710

The General Catalog is produced by Academic and Administrative Documents under the Office of the Senior Vice President and Provost.

Back to Top
2002 – 2003 General Catalog Table of Contents
maroon horizontal rule

Page Last Updated: February 28, 2003 | Visits to this page: page counter | Web Site Feedback | Copyright © Arizona Board of Regents
Valid XHTML 1.0!
